greetings citizens of the internet this
is rendog coming at you from the pimp
cane in this let's play terraria series
how is everybody today I am awesome guys
because today I am showing you the new
improved pimp cane as well as trying to
contain the corruption which is slowly
taking over my world so without further
ado you guys let's get it out ok guys so
welcome to the brand new pimp cane as
you can see we've got a water reservoir
and a lava reservoir that meet at the
bottom of the pimp cane to produce me
some obsidian in case I needed and here
of course are all my storage units and
everything on my chest that I need and
here is my pride and joy in the pimp
cane guys this is my goldfish jellyfish
and and slime factory and i'm going to
show you exactly hard works by turning
on this lever am check it out guys boom
infinite glow stick and intimate
goldfish and i use this to get gold so
basically i just sold the goldfish to
get some gold and then i use that gold
to do whatever the hell I want and as
you can see what I've done is I've wired
these statues to this one second timer
here and then to this thing this button
and when you turn it on it just
automatically makes the the things spawn
and in a land in this one pixel of lava
and die and then I get their loot and
secondly guys this is this is a slime
factory and this obviously gives me
infinite gel for four torches and
whatnot and there you go and for potions
obviously there you go guys I can just
stand here and get infinite stuff is
turn them both off well whoa cool yeah
baby this is how a pimple
anyway guys let me tell you it was crazy
getting these statues it took me
god-awful hours I don't even want to
talk about how long it took me to get
these statues but now I've got them and
I'm just so proud of my of my awesome
factories man these are so sweet and
every now and then I come here and just
collect stuff and then go and sell it
right let's continue by the way this is
a gem rumor design all of these
factories are in fact done by him up
link in the bottom guys if you want to
see some more awesome factories made by
one of the greatest terraria players on
youtube / check it out here is my fire
blossom factory so you can't actually
see them but in there are clay pots and
I've planted fire blossoms in there and
the only way that these actually grow is
under lava so you need to create a
little lava pit for them and the same
goes for water leaf there you can see
some water leave growing there I need to
replant some seeds here which I will do
eventually and I I keep swapping around
the you know what I want planted here
and stuff but generally this is these
are the things that I plant whenever I
need new new herbes I go up to my chest
and of seeds and I get some seeds and I
go plant them and then and then they
grow and then I get all my sweet hair
stuff and so guys this is the new pimp
cane as you can see the clown blew a
hole in it which I've been trying to
repair but as you can see that it hasn't
been going very well maybe one of you
guys can help me how in God's name
should I repair this I have no idea how
to repair this without just without
letting out all the lava oh god it's
driving me crazy man I need to find a
way to repair this part of the pimp cane
plus I need to fix this whole section
here where this forest is I need to
build something here because it's manly
it has been wrecked by that goddamn
clown man I hated clowns before but now
I hate clowns even more seriously so
we're gonna we're gonna build something
here I think we might build the crunk
jug over here in this open space here
but we
see man you guys like the idea of me
building a crunk jug and let me know in
the comment section below right so the
plan for today is to bust a hole from
the surface all the way down to hell on
both sides of the fro dome or the fro
city should I say and that's in an
attempt to try and contain the
corruption so I'm gonna buy like a crap
ton of dynamite and we're gonna have
some fun and we're gonna blow some
up this was opposed whoops I don't want
this yet there's also going to give us
some a good opportunity to mind some of
the new whores that have spawned also
because we're going to be hidden
downwards I'm very very worried about
the corruption just taking over my
entire world which I've been told is
exactly what's going to happen so you
know that kind of sucks so you see i
sold my clothes Mike Blowfish on my
goldfish our man is awesome having a
factory a manufactory it is it is the
sweetest it is the sweetest thing
because we get to do this kind of this
kind of thing we can you get to play
around with a crap on the dynamat which
is sweet and we also need to make cobalt
at some point cobalt stuff man we got so
much to you guys is crazy and of course
we go get to sell that gel also which is
sweet all right let's put some of this
other stuff away so we can you can max
out on we can max out on dynamite baby
okay we also need some space for
collecting so I think and we need
torches or so so I think this is cool
alright guys so let's do this let's do
the stay I'm gonna start on the right
guys so what the aim is in this exercise
is to build a shot that is at least five
blocks wide all the way down to hell and
that's going to prevent any of the
corruption spreading across that gap
into the Frodo so that is the plan but
the question is where to build the shaft
and I think I'm gonna because the
problem with the corruption is that it
also spawns underneath you know see for
example what what is that
okay that was a little bit of a little
bit of sunlight but the corruption
actually spawns underground also so if
you if you build your shaft you know if
I build the shaft now and there's a
little bit of corruption on the
left-hand side of that Sheriff then I am
screwed and that's obviously not what we
want so we're gonna try and find a spot
that is perfect for the shape and I
think that maybe this spot right here is
where are we going to start and and
we're going to be using a little method
i like to call super fast forward and
basically what we just connect you're
just going to fast forward through the
initial tunneling part guys so enjoy
watching me dig dirt for the next five
minutes or so and maybe I'll put under
some cool music or something else is
happening so 3 2 1 cup life